---
layout: post
title:  "Random long note testing reading time.js"
date:   2017-04-21 09:11:03
image: http://pipsum.com/1400x700.jpg
categories: journal long
author: Mike Peiman
---
<p class="lead-paragraph"><span class="dropcap-box"><span class="dropcap">I</span></span>'m going to make some badass styles here. How about a stag-dropcap? Yeah, let's have one of those. Also, this paragraph should POP with some extra style. Maybe a larger font-size will do it. Yeah, now we're cooking with grassfed butter.</p>

"I'm a problem-solver and easily see how to make things better. I love to enter a new situation or group and find a way to contribute."

"My mission is to help people live to their fullest potential."

- Father, thinker, maker-betterer
- Father   Thinker   Improver
- Scientist and Mystic
- Addicted to Consciousness 

"Do you want to feel better, even a little bit better, every day? Do you want to feel more happy, feeling good in your body, healthy, strong, resilient, energetic, effective at achieving your goals? If you like to improve yourself and you're into measurable results, you're in the right place."

"Unabashedly intellectual, spiritual, physical, emotional and social." 3-27-2017
"I'm a developer of web, business, and humanity" 4-10-2017

Creative / Artistic
Systematic / Scientific
Aware / Spiritual

I'm a proud father, freelance web developer, and master pancake-maker. Seriously, you should try my pancakes. But only with real maple syrup.

Little formula for homepage blurb from MarkManson.net (don't write it literally like this, use the ideas)

1. I am ...
2. I do ...
3. Other people say ...
4. You should do this ...

HIRE ME button (footer and elsewhere) goes to a page that has overview info, and a form that includes diverse skills and assets I can bring a team/company, as well as a salary range selection, hours and location flexibility, and perhaps something about company culture.

Location:
"I'm seeking work with a great team on the West Coast, focused on WA state USA or BC, Canada. I will definitely consider other locations, depending on terms, and would also be open to a remote or hybrid-remote position."

Nationality:
"While I dream of a world where borders and nationality do not restrict our ability to travel, work and live, that's not the world we have. I am a Canadian citizen, and you will need to procure a work visa for me to join your USA or international team." (include a feedback button to find out if they were interested in hiring me but this is a deal-breaker)

CORE QUESTIONS:

1. Who is the site owner?
1. What is important to me?
1. Expressing myself in a way that is true to myself, in integrity, and touches, moves or inspires people
2. Having a website I am proud to share and to publish my content to
3. Generating ready income from freelancing and consulting contracts, as well as product referrals and product sales


2. Who is the site's audience?
1. Students (of life, growth, relationship, healing, fitness, business, web development)
1. Easily find relevant content, products and reviews based on their interests: physical health, fitness, mental health, mindset, emotional health, spiritual health, functional ego, states of grace, relationship conflict redirection, instruction, coaching, integrity
2. Purchase products to help on their journey
3. Contact me

2. Prospective clients & employers (contract or salary)
1. See attractive and credible examples of professional work: design, development, photography, business, fitness, instruction
2. Find pricing estimates / preliminary quotes for web dev work
3. Contact me

3. Friends and supporters
1. Share and promote my posts, memes, pages, products
2. Engage in conversation around themes of interest
3. Contact me

Noticing - demographics are not for helping to describe the audience! The audience is about the relationship. Demographics are for gaining market and social insights afterwards.

Tasks - basic site

1. [ ] Set up custom domain on Github pages
2. [ ] Redirect mikepeiman.com from GoDaddy cname records
3. [ ] setup Mailchimp form action
4. [ ] draft content for each page
5. [ ] select images for each page
6. [ ] link up social icons, put into footer


Tasks - blog:

1. [ ] create blog posts
2. [ ] style blog page as necessary
3. [ ] enable sorting of blog posts
4. [ ] enable voting/rating of blog posts
5. [ ] enable comments on blog posts
6. [ ] enable social sharing buttons


Tasks - development:

1. make vertical left side nav with flexbox
2. make sub-navs horizontal
3. make responsive - create framework for media queries


Consider hiring 30-60 min of an expert on codementor.io to do this stuff.



* Is this website’s primary aim to inform, to sell, or to amuse?
* 
* To inform: about who I am, what I do (what I have done and what I can do and want to do)
* To build a list
* To sell

* Who is the site for?
* 
* me
* prospective web design clients
* prospective business clients for systems integration, strategy or other consulting
* potential allies and partners
* potential employers

* What do they expect to find or do there?
* 
* The big picture about who I am and what I do
* Examples of work I've done
* A clear message about the value I can provide

* Does the website need to clearly convey a brand’s core message, or is it part of a wider branding strategy with its own unique focus?
* 
* This is a site about me; I am the brand. I want to be authentic and vulnerable while still presenting myself in a good light

* What competitor sites, if any, exist, and how should this site be inspired by/different than, those competitors?
* 
* It's all inspiration. There are design patterns and I would rather be somewhat unique to those patterns



MikePeiman.com: "The path of awakening, wellness, and personal mastery."
Sections:

1. Self-Awareness & Personal Growth
2. Website & Business Development
3. Fitness, Nutrition, & Wellbeing

OR
"Developing Mastery:"

1. Personal Growth & Mastery (self-awareness, growth, and mastery)
2. Website Design & Development (web design & business growth)
3. Executive Fitness & Lifestyle Coaching (integrated fitness and wellbeing coaching)
4. Business Growth & Strategy

OR "Services For Your Full-Spectrum Success"

1. Personal Growth & Self-Awareness Training
2. Health & Fitness Coaching
3. Business Development Consulting
4. Web Design for Conversion

OR "Foundations of an Extraordinary Life"

1. Spiritual
2. Physical
3. Mental
4. Emotional
5. Relational
6. Financial


Picture a diagram with Spirit in the middle (the void from whence it all arises), Financial as a ring around the outside (Material worl encompasses) the the Four Directions with:

* East - emotional
* South - physical
* West - relational
* North - mental


mikepeiman.com or returntostrength.com blog idea: focusing on theme of personal growth and recovery from a "dark night of the soul" or any personal crisis. Each blog post title is crafted to describe a technique or process for making life better. Allow all visitors to rate each blog post for two things:

1. The value of the technique or process
2. The value and quality of the blog post itself

Display results on the homepage to crowdsource curation of my content and maximize value for my visitors.


I am a teacher using the power of metaphor.


I'm a natural problem-solver, and have taken to the task of synthesizing the absolute and the relative.


Content from temporary WP site:

Mike, Melissa, and Kaya in Guelph, Ontario, Canada. September 2016

My life is dedicated to leaving the world a better place than I found it, and especially, a place that supports the expression of my daughter's (and all people's) highest potential. To that end, I'll be sharing my best ideas, insights, and resources that I find along the way. I'd love to keep you up to date via my newsletter; just enter your email below!

All the best in your journey,

Mike Peiman.

...==.

Thank you for visiting! I’d like to share a bit of my vision for this site, which is intimately bound up with my missions and work in the world.

This website, hosted under my own name, is intended as a platform for me to share my views, for the purpose of representing myself as truly as possible, and importantly, as a platform for providing value to the world. I am a lifelong learner, a deep systems thinker and a big-picture visionary. I believe much of my greatest contribution to the world is in the form of my insights and ideas. I expect that the messages I share via this website will become a major piece of my work in the world.

In mentioning mission, I speak of “missions” in the plural, because I have a difficult time narrowing it down to one. I could parody myself, and declare that my ultimate mission is to “Save The World!”, but that tends to raise both questions and hackles, as people often have strong beliefs about whether the world needs saving, what it might need saving from, and whether it is even possible to save it in that case (my position is that it does need saving, and that individuals do make a difference).

Rather, let me share a few statements I’ve come up with over the years:

My mission is to understand myself, my place in the world, and to live a good life. I want to be a net contributor to society, and to life on this planet.

My mission is to help people develop their self-awareness, cultivate mastery, and live to their fullest potential.

My mission is to identify the major systemic problems the world faces, and to help devise and apply solutions. Namely: everyone should have the means, resources, and opportunity to live a good life. I call this outcome “distributed capacity”, where “capacity” refers to the physical and situational means to live a good life – to each individual’s own standards, but with respect to realistic baselines.

I believe that “a good life” can be quantified, more or less. Think about it: We all need the means for survival. Depending on climate, more or less shelter and clothing. We all need a basic caloric and nutritional intake (not just empty calories, but an appropriate variety of nourishing foods). We all need safe and sufficient water, for drinking and for tasks of daily living. We all need a certain level of security in order to focus on and tend to what matters in our lives; this means freedom from tyranny, violence and the threat of violence, and other dominating, disrupting influences. We all need access to information and education, so we even have the ability to relate to and integrate into society at large. We all need social connections and relationship – not to put too fine a point on it: we all need some love and care in our lives for emotional health. In practical terms, to maintain a decent standard of living and have the opportunity to participate in modern culture, we need energy sources and the means to afford a basic level of modern technology (smartphones are transforming the world, and I would suggest that, going forward, these are not optional tools for anyone who wants one).

So, that is a little about me, and about what I want to accomplish with this website. If you’d like to hear more of my thoughts, by all means, sign up to my newsletter. I’ll be sharing my best ideas, insights, and links to valuable resources for living a better life.

Thanks for stopping by. I wish you all the best in your journey, and may we all leave this place a little better than we found it.
